But well Marina you wanted to comment on
something it's very
serious man for me it would be a joke For me it
would be really difficult
eh [ __ ] and so much I'm
telling you I'm telling you I'm going to put while
you comment on the cover I'm going to put
another objective that I feel like I'm going to put
an objective wait no Set an objective and
also like 10 and the people who
feel identified with Terelu let's see
if we reach the objective but I'm going to put
an objective for him for the twitterer
for the twitterer okay
saska I don't know why the word saska doesn't
get me so I have to put
saso like that weird okay Meanwhile I
ask for like please this live plus the
interview with Lidia Lozano deserves
likes like please let's lick one
day what's that also eh sir okay Eh
okay u I've [ __ ] myself when when no when the when the
fall was when it wasn't going to
this woman the program eh And he
started talking to me like Wait what
people are saying because of the years that
people from the chat go it's because a  nine
but people are telling their things let's see
I don't believe it I mean there are people who
beat the record I'm going for four
Seriously Marcelita I'm going for I'm going for
four but how are you going to beat four let's
see Javi I'm going to well I'm going to talk
here on this topic eh And no I'm not going for
four but I'm going to talk on this
topic How many are you like unga unga unga
unga you're going to say that well sex
is the most important thing in the world but how
gratuitous But why why why but that
because so gratuitous man man well so
gratuitous because you just
said like Hala Well there is a
very serious problem well I'm going to
explain something to you not so hyper it's going to
sound so cheesy what I'm going to say but I
really feel so sorry so that s that
There will be people who tell me like you and then There will
be people Well that maybe they can
feel identified because I think that you and
I are a pole placed in this let's see
maybe I'm wrong eh here we go
Look, I eh And this is already a little intimate
Eh This is already an intimate objective But well there are
people eh  How good that
obviously he likes sex
obviously everyone likes sex
but eh There are people like
Teru already recognized that he has not
had relations for 9 years and the thing is that there are people
in the world that to have relations they
need or they like that there is a minimum
of
eh How do I tell you no longer beyond
chemistry but a minimum of HM
Emotional union we are not going to call it love
because that is a very
big word but that there is eh something emotional
no In fact it has a name I think it is
bisexual But well it is more like that there is
a connection of some kind Eh
so sex for sex many
times Eh it can be good at a
certain stage of life or not because
maybe there are people who feel a
little empty with that eh There are people there are
people who take it well and perfectly and
then there are people who well that do not like that
and many times they prefer to wait or
try eh to find a person that
fulfills them and complements them so that that happens there
are stages of life and as you go
through years in which a
person comes along due to your things lived and backpack
that is at your level or that  that
corresponds to your needs and vital
because it is not that complicated to find either
because each of us is from our
father or from our mother or because of the
manias that each one has or
whatever and because the market is terrible and
because yes people have more and more
defects and nobody is perfect but it is
a reality so well estrap
word of sex I think that Lu has been having
a bad time emotionally very very very very
excessively focused on
work her parties her this her that her
Pascual and she commented a few years ago and it
is not because of the cancer but she
felt that it also had to do with she
felt insecure with her own with her
own body with her things she said that she was not
going to undress in front of a
man and yes it is true that
last year she was in a relationship with the person
trusted by Florentino Pérez the
president of Real Madrid one of the
people with the most power there is in Spain
eh I think it was not like that and and Well for me
Well look on this occasion that we have
criticized so much simply the covers of
Terelu to me it does not seem bad that it is
normalized that there are  people like in
this case who have power, not bad, and
who appear on television and who Hey, and
no, no, not all life is with Sorry, Abela,
don't get mad, [ __ ] every week if you've
been going on, Oh, you've been dry for more than a month,
[ __ ], seriously, it's that society, I
think that it's a little overrated, which
is obviously very good, but it
's overrated as if it were the most
important thing in life, life, and I think I think that
for me there are things much more
important, like sharing
another, an intimacy of another kind that in the
end culminates in that, but not without
first knowing something else with an
emotional burden and respect and a thousand
other things, no, then Well, you,
maybe I'm judging a little, I'm
prejudging ito, primary, Yes, yes, eh, you
told me, look again, unga, unga,
kid, primary, No, yes, I know that
deep down you're sensitive and have a
heart, but first of all, that's what you're
going to tell me, let's see, talk,
man, let's see, well, I think that sex
is something super important in life and in
relationships, and even if you don't have a
relationship,
eh  Of course, let's see, I understand that each person
is a world and that there are people who don't
care that much about sex, okay, for me
personally, of course, I don't imagine, I
mean, I don't imagine a month, I
mean, you're talking to me about 9 years, do you
understand, women in general are not the
same, eh, the need, I mean,
biologically in general there is everything there is
everything. I have had some stages
and other stages. My grandmother will be
killing me, grandmother, it's okay because she watches
this live,
eh. No, but well, there are stages and stages
in life too and when one is not
well, well, one does not feel like that either and well, what do
I know, there are stages and stages. Look,
Victor Sandoval, I think he said. Well,
also about carrying on there, eh, I think that
vor that, let's see, Victor, leave us a
comment because I know he is watching us,
send me a WhatsApp and tell me how old has it
been, by the way. Hey, I have set a
goal to give the hater a hard time, you
are making Marina look a bit bad, eh.
For the goal, which is zero
right now, but I would say yes, of course,
I always  you
use cousins ​​then let's see it's my channel
for one thing but for others No, well if
the objective is not being met and they don't
want to give a sack to the hater they are
leaving you in a bad light not me we have
decided that you are my
Centenario intern let's see I think that uh of course it's that
I think how I see myself I
see that sex is very super important
and I believed uh or let's see I think it's something like
natural but I understand that uh I understand
that maybe for everyone no no they don't
have the same appetite they don't have the same no I
mean they don't care more there aren't many
people even who are uh super asexual
not even Yes but that's when no it doesn't
excite you it doesn't attract you No man that
's another topic no Yes of course but but if it
's for a specific thing No because it was
damaged no because having light physically it was
damaged after going through what
the
poor thing went through that I I don't I mean because it is
related to with with what happened not the
issue of her physical deterioration Yes with the
issue of let's see she had cancer but
let's go that she was very lucky eh it was
Okay, I understand,
yes, but after, after, after, you can't take
care of yourself physically,
do a couple of things and go back to being so
hungry, well, it doesn't matter. It's not that I don't
know what it is, I don't
want to dare to say much, but let's say it's
true that during a
stage of her life she was very well,
she has enough money to when she was
young she was totally and totally. Yes, yes,
Hi, the double mastectomy is true, the
breasts of course are true, yes, it's true that they do
n't look the same on you, but well,
maybe she has insecurities or
whatever, that's something that is for
her, so she should. Well, get
treated in case she wanted to or
whatever. Also, I don't know at her age,
I imagine, since she's already gone through
menopause, I don't know, I haven't reached it, I don't
know if her period has come down. Or if she doesn't want to, if it's because she
already said that she didn't want to
have relations, I imagine that it's not the
same at 58 as it is at 25, you know, at 25.
Well, look, Pipi Estrada asks, I don't
know, but let's say it's that it's not  no but of
course it was a person who
suddenly was very active in sex and
suddenly stops being so, stops having an
appetite because they have a problem with their
physique and that it embarrasses them and that they don't
want to be naked in front of anyone. Of course it
's not because sex is more or less important
to you, it's a trauma that you
have suffered that would have to be
solved, of course, I mean, it's that you
tell me No, the age she has, damn, she's
60 years old, at 60 years old What's up
Rosita, a kiss, man, at 60 years old you don't
have an
appetite, I don't know, will you tell me before me, I don't
know,
but yes, yes, let's see, the man believes that at 60
years old you're still going to be talking to me
every day on WhatsApp Marina Yes,
my life at 60 years old, I mean,
in 20 years still. Of course, because
she speaks with total confidence, with total
confidence. Hey, maybe you've had a fight
with me in 20 years, eh no, I mean,
people usually fight with me before, well,
look, we're making a
record, eh I'm going to tell you something, well,
well, the one who's here today
very quiet that the lne is not there Ah She is the one
who is putting up with me the lne you don't love me she is
not here today How strange eh How strange How
strange I would have to ask her I don't know I would have to
ask for explanations
obviously Lu Ah of course I mean with her
yes aland yes talking yes the other yes the
other yes let's see man Of course but that
place is not occupied by anyone Ah
Ah I mean when you were hitting on me and you were
telling us equally you were lying How how how is
that a fabrication but come on anyway I know that
is definitive proof that it is
fabrication I can never tell you No no
equally that alne that does not
exist let's
see people it is I behave with people in
the chat Team Marina eh watch out that Ofelia watch out
that Ofelia goes about her thing Ofelia ignores
challenges Look over there it is happening that if she
continues with the challenge Ofelia a kiss queen
Ofelia all her nights We are missing her
Ofelia a huge kiss Paz ot huge kiss you
see almost all in Marina But well
nothing happens that I understand but because
the majority are women and I think that we
empathize more with each other but watch out
that I watch out that I can also have my
wild side after I have it but
always with a minimum minimum emotional burden beforehand
if not it's impossible m and H
that my grandmother and my grandmother Yes yes I'll go Yes yes yes yes it's that
I don't see that it has to be
related to the
sentimental because it is bu well totally
Yes because it is bu it has nothing to do it's that it
has nothing to do let's see you wouldn't
[ __ ] Oh How gross that word Ho
Well we're going to get fancy here at
11:30 at night but let's see yes I would
n't have relations with who you wouldn't
have sexual relations with a guy
or a girl who is [ __ ] hot
but is a [ __ ] [ __ ] No never I
swear never because automatically if I
see that person sense what does that make sense I mean
no what does it make sense what does
your little capacity make eh
Beyond de you that you're going to have that you're going to
have sex You're not going to play dominoes But
how am I going to have sex and give the most
intimate thing that I have to a person who is a
flat encephalogram But you teas that
but t that it's going to leave me empty of  here I
mean it doesn't give me absolutely anything For
that I take a blow-up doll or a
blow-up doll I mean Javi Yeah man of
course the same Yeah man man my God
What a crazy thing is that how is a
blow-up doll going to be the same as a
person who is really hot I mean tell me V
a guy or a girl who is really hot and
is an
[ __ ] Well
look, look Well I was going to tell you but he's
older I was going to tell you
Jesús Váquez it's that for me he is because I
know him off camera Although you
think he's really nice
And no no more gay more gay I'm not going to
give you another more real example Who wouldn't
sleep with Jesús Vasque if I
would sleep with him for God well what does it matter however but
let's see It's that
look you it's as simple as you eh
imagine a single person a
single person William Levy Look
William Levy a single person has sex and does
n't have a partner what they have is sex
on the weekends when they go out when they
go in with people it's clear you
sleep with a person they don't know
grandmother or anything  don't pay attention to this what are you saying you
're looking good in front of your grandmother that's what
happens Look, look so you can
see that I don't look good, I
did that from time to time when I was 20 and I
realized if it's not that I mean what am I
really doing this for If I
'm not like that I mean I've tried Cos I tried
with when she was in a
relationship and before having a relationship
obviously all
kinds of things happened but but let's see from
there I meet someone for one night and
an [ __ ] stops me and I'm going to
take him home with me It's that he never comes into
my house I mean it could be
bad for me it's an
example Inc incredible beautiful in
person very beautiful Yes and it is if you
talk to her for 3 hours it makes you want to
never go out with her again it's brutal on
stage Yes it was a little bit a little bit
flavor and yes yes quite quite quite it
's that no I mean if you know that it's not going to
contribute to you I want to
tell you in the end you are interc that you are an
animal You are an animal it's like I mean no
but they say they say in the chat  sex without
feelings eh Oh wait I've
lost it eh I've lost it I've lost it
was sex
feelings Oh I can't find it yes it doesn't taste the
same that's what it said Yes but of course it's not the same of
course obviously it doesn't taste the
same it's not the same making love with
the person you love only sex
now no no no no no no no no it's not that
doing Well if you have an illness you don't even
remember di Mercedes total la
let's see it people don't masturbate with
erotic content Yes that's something else she's
masturbating with people she doesn't know of course
Oh please Of course but but
but one thing please grandma who
saw her write in the chat don't pay attention
your grandmother in the chat I can't
believe it per Yes but you're not going to know who it
is But she has given her opinion she has given her opinion she has given her
opinion No no it's that you
really shouldn't do some
things eh No you're turning me around
here the movie The Debate is the
next one Take a survey survey
lilit survey
pora from here des Here there is no extract there is
no extract Because if it comes in there it
comes in my goodness let's see
eh  What is the survey what is What would
the survey be Mar okay again the
usual Javi or Marina survey let's see
survey I don't know what the question would be
to summarize it okay But it would be
Javi or Marina to summarize not the opinion
that I'm giving Me or the one
Marina is giving there's your lawyer Maybe he
can also give his opinion no no Pablo you no
you don't give your opinion you don't give your opinion because you're
going to tell him I gave him like although it doesn't
add up any of those who are here
in the chat that's what Pablo is going to say
Pablo what he needs is that he
gave what he needs to say something
about this
eh s to no no but s give your opinion give your opinion of course
no let's see there are people in this chat who
surpass
terelu Ah that's important That's
important while
nobody has posted nobody has posted the survey
wait
I'll put it wait Wait wait start survey
who
are you with Javi doesn't understand he doesn't understand
calm down Carmen darling It's that no no he
's basic é pum pum pum he doesn't care and see you
later as long as it's Moni already has a
bit of such Paul man is  delayed more
because it's sex for sex monilla monilla
a little bit like Paula Echevarría nothing
little thing monilla Okay the chat has
understood it right it's like let's see family
there you have the opinions okay you can
vote in the survey with whom you
agree with Marina or with it starts it
starts with with the cheating let the
people vote no if you have an
illness you don't even remember yes man Of course I
understand but those are already
special circumstances for which you stop
wanting it you understand Javi doesn't understand he does
n't understand But let's see here the
debate eh of course I'm taking it to whether
sex is obligatory not obligatory in
life or what It seems that you are like
against sex you also tell you
for me the the the on the subject of Terelu no
that is the subject that we are talking about I think
that of course I think that Terelu has
gone through something very very very
important and much more important than
worrying about whether she [ __ ] or not she [ __ ] okay
But once overcome once overcome she
should continue
living life and if she was an
active person before and what makes her not be
active today is some complexes
Well she should  apart from trying
psychologically, seek non-
psychological help. Hey, well, also take care of yourself
and get back to having a spectacular physique
that you know if I think you've let yourself go.
But that's why, why, I don't know why, I don't know, she's
not well, she's not like she was
before, he even said today that he doesn't see her
happy, laughing, man, that you have
88 of the votes. Oh Francisco Javier
Oliveira Ávila, eh, life was never
easy, you have to accept defeats, you can't
always win, well, well, for
once, for once, not just for once. Ah ah.
By the way, I have to say it here
live so that people really laugh a little,
eh. Yes, I admit that I send
WhatsApp to Jai every day. But you
know which one, which one I've been sending him a
lot lately, which one I've been sending him, which one I'm
sending him
a lot lately, one that the audiences
bronc as if I care about you, you know, as if it
were me
Bartol and I tell him and it seems to me to
Francisco Francisco he sends me all the
ones that s Francisco does that, I don't know
why, but gu, but FR, but I send it to you
because  the other day not because I'm annoying Because
the other day you said no no no El
Hormiguero wins El Hormiguero almost
always and every day I'm
sending them and one day they're going to block me one
day they're going to block me but come on the
channel will be on my side I understand so
okay eh you
're putting people you're like the
hair of Troy you're putting
people against me you know for the
day that you kick me take
all the people and have put them not
take them but have put them against
me so that they hate me not that they support me
support
Wilson No that would be too high a level I mean
fighting with me and supporting Wilson it has to be
bad I would never do that
these people are yours and that's for you I mean I would
never be like that
the people are not mine the people wherever they want
can be wherever they want the people and
can well we are a family we are not
all a family we meet here
every
night it really is a second it's like
a second family seriously eh I see
the people here who are commenting And  is
that I know well and you of course more to everyone to everyone to everyone
no
one escapes anymore and I say [ __ ] it seems not
because of course all the people who are
commenting 10% more can't be more or
less the Well I don't know Of course yes let's see there are
2000 people and 2000 people are not usually
actively chatting in the
chat but but let's see not everyone writes
Of course not everyone writes
Marina I am from Hormiguero that
broncano can keep it Pedrito [ __ ]
Well you know I ran into Pedro
Sánchez
yesterday yesterday I ran into Pedro at what
moment because I went
to a friend's house and I passed by the
pavilion of the FIBE this one in Seville not the
Congress Palace and there was a
PSOE event I was looking at
PSOE things there What's going on here and I saw it later
no no that everyone was Oscar Puente it was
a one everyone is talking about it
today but I don't know exactly why I haven't
looked at it the truth is I haven't had
time I've been super exasperated with the
Lidia Lozano issue because of course
as we had the  problem I don't know what in the
end he caught me because I had a
Christmas meal today I've already seen it
that I've seen it has happened I've already seen Oh
what views And what beautiful photos and
everything Oh well I haven't seen them yet
I've seen that I I already when we went to
connect with Lidia I took the guy to
my father and what happened was that since
we were delayed and all that stuff well I got
overwhelmed I saw fabric you know to start
arming it with
this broncano it's like sex Without
feeling pure fantasy
no Marina doesn't like sex without
feelings so be careful eh that the
same this comment It's not very positive
for her simply to annoy
Javi always with Marina very
well Lisardo very well No Lisardo it's not
from the heart it's not from the heart no Then
sasca the sick people damn it's true well
in the end yes we are going to get to
the challenge of sasca the sick people there are
three superchats alone Marina to
give the saan only three super chats and
one of the is that I'm already living with the
next one she has invited me too  In my
head I've already told you no but yes
but if you haven't confirmed it How are you going to be
alive But why does he say it as if
you'll see like Wednesday or another
day it's already here you'll see t
Well if we're going to do it on the
main page because that one yes That would be
for the main page too I see it
a main page too so if we're
going to do it on the main page it doesn't have to
be Wednesday or anything Whenever you
want you know it's true it's true of course
Because also these people have
schedules that I don't know and apart from the
fact if we don't do it on the same day that we
have here it's less stressful
because of course there are three live shows that I'm
doing today because I've done that one and
now I'm going to the salsería